during this period I worked in several teams responsible for individual parts of the reports. Regular changes in the scope of responsibilities resulted, among others, from the constant desire to learn new things.
During this period I learned to program in Visual Basic for Applications (VBA). Development of tools, thanks to which I could do my work faster and more accurately, or which helped colleagues in their tasks, gave me great pleasure.
Another source of satisfaction was the preparation and regular conducting of a two-day VBA training for Orange employees.
I left Orange in 2017. For some time I was looking for new opportunities. Finally, I decided to learn something new.
I started learning frontend by creating a non-existent blog: 'Let's bite bytes', where I planned to describe the stages of learning, share knowledge and experience. After some time, I realized that due to the still limited knowledge, my posts have little value. That's why I abandoned this project and devoted all the time to learning.
In the autumn of 2017 I took part in the first recruitment to a small company from the Tri-City. As part of the first stage, I was asked to create a site that allowed browsing github repositories. I was coding in Notepad++ (sic!) for a week and submitted the finished project on time. The next morning I was informed that I was not qualified for the next stage. The developer who assessed my project not only did the standard code review, but also wrote an e-mail in which he listed a number of tools and technologies that he thought I should know. And so I learned about the existence of node, npm, webpack, es5 and es6... On the same day I installed and familiarized with Visual Studio Code, and the next morning I started to fight with node and npm.
For the next year, every day, after my family left for work, school, kindergarten, I sat on the couch and coded: calculator, pomodoro clock, weather clock, Wikipedia search engine, online scrabble, application for learning touch typing... I coded some of these projects in pure javascript (including es5, using the prototype chain). Some of them required the back-end (I coded it using node, express, redis and mongoDB). For scrabble I used AngularJS and socket.io, for touch typing: React and redux.
I took part in the first commercial project in 2018. My tasks included recoding various components from jQuery to React and redux, using typescript. In spring 2019 I decided to find a stable full time job. I was invited to two recruitment processes and got two job offers. I chose Allegro, which I left in September 2019.
Since then, I code for myself again but I am ready to start working with people who value passion, knowledge, skills and engagement and, above all, who understand the need to reconcile family and professional life.